== README

DPoll is a small voting app that is using ruby on rails, angular and responsive mobile design.

User can create events and vote whether they liked/disliked the event eg dius monthly talks.

=Dependencies

== Ruby

* Install ruby version management tool.
Recommend rbenv https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv

Note: Rvm is another tool but is messy to uninstall.

* Install Ruby using your management tool and set for dpoll
version 2.0.0-p576

eg.
$ rbenv install 2.0.0-p576
$ rbenv local 2.0.0-p576

* Check ruby version is correct in dpoll directory
$ ruby -v

* Install bundler
$ gem install bundler

== Database
* Install mysql database server
$ brew install mysql

* Start database
mysqld

= Dpoll building

== Install gems

* $ bundle install
* $ bundle update (subsequent runs)

== Create database

* Setup development database
$ rake db:create db:migrate

* Setup test database
$ rake RAILS_ENV=test db:create db:migrate

* Note: to see all rake tasks
$ rake -T

== Install chrome driver

This is required for cucumber tests

Download latest from http://chromedriver.storage.googleapis.com/index.html
and place on your path

== Before checking in

* Run all jasmine, spec and cuke tests

$ rake precheckin

== Run cucumbers

* Run only cucumber

$ rake cucumber

* Run cucumber scenarios tagged with wip

$ rake cucumber:wip

* Run single scenario

$ rake FEATURE=features/vote_event.feature cucumber

== Run jasmine tests

* run jasmine tests interactively

$ rake jasmine

* open up http://localhost:8888

* run jasmine tests for ci

$ rake jasmine:ci

== Run against unicorn (web server)

* run unicorn

$ bundle exec unicorn

* run unicorn against production

$ bundle exec unicorn -E production

= Chef

* Install chef

$ curl -L https://www.opscode.com/chef/install.sh | bash

* Install chefdk (required for bershelf)
http://getchef.com/downloads/chef-dk

= Vagrant

== Installation

* Install vagrant

https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html

== Plugins

* Install vagrant omnibus
$ cd ~
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-omnibus

* Install vagrant vm workstation
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-vmware-workstation

* Install vagrant host manager
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-hostmanager

* Install vagrant berkshelf
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-berkshelf

=== vagrant-omnibus              1.4.1

* A Vagrant plugin that ensures the desired version of Chef is installed via the platform-specific Omnibus packages.
* Available as a vagrant plugin install
* Open a ConEMU shell and install with the following commands.  It will take a while.
* Install Vagrant Omnibus Plugin
* vagrant plugin install vagrant-omnibus
* Website: https://github.com/schisamo/vagrant-omnibus
* Full List of Vagrant Plugins: https://github.com/mitchellh/vagrant/wiki/Available-Vagrant-Plugins

=== vagrant-hostmanager     1.5.0
A Vagrant plugin that manages the /etc/hosts file on guests within a multi-machine environment
Available as a vagrant plugin install
Open a ConEMU shell and install with the following commands.  It will take a while.
Install Vagrant Hostmanager Plugin
vagrant plugin install vagrant-hostmanager
Website: https://github.com/smdahlen/vagrant-hostmanager
Full List of Vagrant Plugins: https://github.com/mitchellh/vagrant/wiki/Available-Vagrant-Plugins

vagrant-berkshelf           2.0.1
A Vagrant plugin to add Berkshelf integration to the Chef provisioners
Available as a vagrant plugin install
Open a ConEMU shell and install with the following commands.  It will take a while.
Install Vagrant Berkshelf Plugin
vagrant plugin install vagrant-berkshelf
Website: https://github.com/berkshelf/vagrant-berkshelf
Full List of Vagrant Plugins: https://github.com/mitchellh/vagrant/wiki/Available-Vagrant-Plugins
Plugin: If plugin "vagrant-berkshelf" doesn't work with version 2.0.1, try getting the latest version with "vagrant plugin install vagrant-berkshelf" 




